Svcb (#4)
martinduke/quic-version-alt-svc-parameter: draft-duke-httpbis-quic-version-alt-svc.md

parameter that specifies alternative supported QUIC versions, which
substantially reduces the chance of this penalty.

Similarly, DNS SVCB and HTTPS Resource Records allow clients to use DNS for
additional instructions to access a service or resource. This document also
defines a new SvcParamKey for these Resource Records that specifies the

> specific QUIC versions in use.

Reviewer: I'm no DNS guru but "clients use DNS for additional instructions" seems a little loose.

Perhaps just a tweak of the existing text like

Similarly, clients can retrieve additional instructions about access to services or resources via DNS SVCB and HTTP Resource Records. This document also defines a new SvcParamKey for these Resource Records, which specifies the specific QUIC versions in use.

supports different QUIC versions, the parameter SHOULD only advertise versions
that are supported throughout the pool.

# The quicv SvcParamKey

> SVCB and HTTPS Resource Records can include the quicv SvcParamKey. Its syntax
> and use are identical to the quicv Alt-Svc Parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SVCB and HTTPS Resource Records can include the quicv SvcParamKey. Its presentation
format value and use are identical to the quicv Alt-Svc Parameter.  Its wire format value
consists of the version numbers in network byte order.
```

supports different QUIC versions, the parameter SHOULD only advertise versions
that are supported throughout the pool.

# The quicv SvcParamKey

SVCB and HTTPS Resource Records can include the quicv SvcParamKey. Its presentation
format value and use are identical to the quicv Alt-Svc Parameter.  Its wire format value

> consists of the version numbers in network byte order.

Reviewer: Personally, I think it would help to see an illustrative example of one of these. That would help compare Alt-Svc to the RR when `quicv` is in play, similar https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-dnsop-svcb-https-08#section-9.3
